Update change-log.md (#106)
humanitec/about: docs/change-log.md

This document provides an overview of the changes we are making over time. Feel free to reach out to us in case of any specific questions.

## Product Update October 20th, 2023

> - **New:** The Humanitec Terraform Driver is now in General Availability! This major release allows more seamless integrations and management of infrastructure as code (IaC) with Terraform. Check out the [feature announcement](https://humanitec.com/blog/the-humanitec-terraform-driver-enters-general-availability) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New:** The Humanitec Terraform driver is now at general availability (GA). Following a successful experimental beta phase, we have addressed implementation gaps, resulting in a more robust and reliable user experience. Check out the [feature announcement](https://humanitec.com/blog/the-humanitec-terraform-driver-enters-general-availability) for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggest: "is now generally available" instead of "is now at general availability"

> - **Improved:** Lowered the latency on all authorization-related API calls through a new authorization management system, ensuring faster and more responsive interactions across our platform.

Reviewer 2: Wasn't this announced before?

Author: No, it was released right after the last product update on September 15th.
